Different cuisines of the world
Food is necessary for living, especially when you are young and your body grows up. You wake up, and you are ready for the first meal of the day, it is a breakfast. The healthy breakfast should not burden your body in the morning. The composition of the meal should be based on the natural balance. The first dish for lunch is raw food followed by boiled dishes. The dinner should be as light as it’s possible, because a hearty dinner can disturb night sleeping. Therefore, it should be taken early.
Every country has its traditions and its cuisines. The national first dish in Russia is a beetroot soup, called borscht. Russian soups are very thick. The peculiarities of the Russian cuisine include also various dishes from potatoes. There is an interesting and sweet dish of berries, it is called kissel. This is neither a drink nor food, it seems like a jelly. The national Russian drink is kvass. You can drink it when the weather is rather hot.
Traditional British cuisine is simple. Most of all the British try to show a natural taste of food, but not to change it. A pudding is a traditional dessert. The British are famous by their love for having tea. The UK has four state parts that is why they have a lot of local dishes. One of them is typical for Scotland; another is for Wales or for the Northern Ireland. It can be Welsh croutons with cheese or Yorkshire jelly.
German cuisine has a variety of dishes from vegetables, pork, poultry and fish. The German eat a lot of boiled vegetables: cauliflower, beans, carrot. The second dish is also cooked from meat; it can be sausages as a rule. The sweet dish includes a fruit salad that is mixed with a sauce. The national drink is beer. There is even a festival called Oktoberfest that is dedicated to this drink.
Japanese cuisine is very popular in the world. It is different not only from European cuisine, but also from Asian one. The great number of dishes is made from sea products. Rice is a very important product for cooking too. There are a lot of fish shops and restaurants in Japan. The most famous restaurants serve sushi as a traditional dish.
French cuisine is rich of vegetables. It is similar with the other European cuisines, but the French use less milk for cooking. The most popular dish is scrambled eggs or an omelet. They prefer drink coffee with sugar.
Even if you live in another country, you can try dishes from around the world.